maybe the most destructive thing these
people are up to involves climate change
not only is it hotter than ever
levels of carbon dioxide hit new
all-time highs last year we have
abnormally warm temperatures around the
globe Arctic ice is melting at an
unprecedented rate last month was the
hottest month ever recorded in the state
of California but not only won't trump
address this
he keeps rolling back regulations that
were designed to slow it down and this
is big ly important stuff somebody needs
to get through to the president before
it's too late he lives in this world too
so as a service to the planet we made
something that I hope he sees that this
breaks down in I think in terms that I
hope will resonate with him the climate
is in crisis as greenhouse gases
accumulate in the atmosphere the effects
can be catastrophic scientists say that
by 2050 80 percent of the world's
coastal golf courses could be submerged
inland droughts will dry up fairways and
make putting greens on potable rising
sea levels in Florida will make
exclusive luxury waterfront clubs
uninhabitable extreme weather will
impact agriculture leading to fried
chicken shortages Kentucky wide and
young women will be too dehydrated to
have sex with wealthy older married men
it's time to act because it's not too
late to protect the most precious
treasures of all your handicap your
real-estate your penis
paid for by Americans for whatever them
it takes hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is
the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it